boards: stm32n6570_dk: Update doc and migration guide. (#92440)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/st/stm32n6570_dk/doc/index.rst

Three variants are available with STM32N6570_DK:

- Default variant. Available as a chainloaded application which should be loaded by a

>   Boot Loader, it has access to the whole AXISRAM1 and AXISRAM2 regions. It is expected to

Reviewer: spelling of bootloader is really odd, but non blocking i guess

```suggestion
  bootloader, it has access to the whole AXISRAM1 and AXISRAM2 regions. It is expected to
```
